# Individual-Self-Assessment

* **Self-Assessment:** Initially when we were looking for project partners, I was little skeptical, thinking how collaboratively we can accomplish this task, but now I feel fortunate that I got such fantastic team in our group, we all had common agreement to follow with our way of thinking, this is most difficult part working in a team specially in IT. 
As we had four segments, we made it sure that we will rotate our role in next segment deliverables, and best part is we are at our best of interest to complete this project on time, Time and tides are not always same, best is how we co-ordinate each other, we exactly did the same. we all had an agreement that no matter what we going to be regular zoom call and discuss progress and help each other. We had challenge in every steps right from choosing datasets choosing technology, machine learning models, but constant help from TA’s and with-in team constant course correction made it done.
* **Team Assessment:** As it was complete online course, and zoom & slack was only way to communicate, it was bit difficult as we used to get only 30 mints and 10 mints grace time zoom, but “where is a will, there is a way” we used to keep re-connect during discussion and working on deliverable for hours. We had very clear responsibility distributed and we all were prepared well in advance to ready with our dependable deliverables. Their strength as team, I would say focus on deliverables, this course been designing such way as it works like GPS system, just follow, and you are going to get what you want to.

* **Summary:** Any Cryptocurrency dataset is amazing to look upon, Bitcoin is most popular and fastest growing digital currency in digital currency world. It’s fantastic to use Machine Model like ARIMA and SARIMA, Liner Regression Model to predict market and future trends of Bitcoin prices, visualize and help predicting by looking at history. 
Overall, I enjoyed leaning new technologies throughout our bootcamp session and using my strong 17 years IT experience, and looking forward to work with enthusiastic team of professionals.
